Add tagging documentation (#56)
disneystreaming/weaver-test: docs/tagging.md

---
id: tagging
title: Tagging
---

> Weaver brings some default tags as `ignore` or `cancel` to disable the tests temporally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weaver provides some constructs to dynamically tag tests as `ignored` or `cancelled` :   
```

Author: thanks for feedback @Baccata !

```scala mdoc
import cats.effect._

object MySuite extends SimpleIOSuite {

  simpleTest("hello tag ignore") {
    for {
      x <- IO.delay(1)
      y <- IO.delay(2)
    } yield expect(x == y)

>     ignore("I want to ignore this test because is flaky")

Reviewer: though this works, the for-comprehension is not monadically tied with the `ignore` call. A more relevant example would be something like : 

```scala
import cats.implicits._ 

simpleTest("only on CI") {
    for {
      onCI <- IO(sys.env.get("CI").isDefined)
      _    <- ignore("not on CI").unlessA(onCI)
      x    <- IO.delay(1)
      y    <- IO.delay(2)
    } yield expect(x == y)
}
```

Same goes for cancel (if you want to vary the example, you could cancel the test when it's the morning or something)

Author: Right, has sense inside the for-comprehension, I change it. 👍
